In this exercise, you are asked to configure AWS CloudTrail
so that you can keep track of all the events and
actions that are happening within your AWS account.
We go to AWS CloudTrail.
We can look at the configured trails.
We pick the item that has the name that we have used to create a new trail.
Now you can see the various options that we've set up for this particular trail,
whether or not we apply it to all regions and then,
exactly what events windup going into this particular trail.
Then towards the bottom, we can see what we've configured in
terms of where to store this particular set of data.
We can see we've stored this in our Udacity Cloud Trail folder.
This is useful for keeping track of large amounts of events.
Also, when you want to go see recent events,
you can go straight back to the dashboard and under recent events,
click "View all events".
Viewing all events gives you a good way to see and search for
recent events and find out what may have happened most recently within your AWS account.
As you can see, there's lots of data here.
We can expand these and we can get
more information and see the entire event if we want to.
There's a lot of information and AWS has other tools
such as AWS Athena to help search through them,
but using the dashboard is a great way to
search through and find what's been going on recently in your account.